fix(cert-manager): fix acme image reference (#127)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-ingress: docs/releases/v2.3.1.md

> # Kubernetes Fury Ingress Core Module Release 2.3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Kubernetes Fury Ingress Core Module Release 2.3.1
```

Welcome to the latest release of `Ingress` module of [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by team SIGHUP.

> This relase adds support for Kubernetes 1.29 and 1.28 and update the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes a bug in cert-manager's acme container image URL and the following components:
```
